Add prep content for self coordinate (#691)
CodeYourFuture/curriculum: common-content/en/module/how-our-curriculum-works/day-plan/index.md

+++
title="📅 Day plan"
headless="true"
time= 30
[objectives]
    1="Describe how the day plan works"
    2="Identify some frequently used blocks in a module"
+++

> Cohorts meet every Saturday in person to develop their understanding of the current week's topics. We use a **day plan** to organise workshops, study sessions and activities to make the most of our time together on Saturdays. You can find day plans on a particular sprint view: each day plan consists of blocks with instructions for an activity together with a time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cohorts meet once a week in person.  Together, we develop our understanding of the topics we are working on this week. We use a **day plan** to organise this day. A day plan is an agenda with workshops, study sessions and activities to make the most of our time together. 

There's a day plan for every sprint of every module. Each day plan lists a series of activities, with timings, instructions, and links to resources.
```
